docs: add a small note about -W error in the unit test how-to (#2560)
canonical/operator: docs/howto/write-unit-tests-for-a-charm.md

        ...
```

## Treat warnings as errors

Configure pytest to treat warnings as errors, so that your tests fail when code raises a warning. Warnings tell you about problems before they bite in production: a deprecation warning means an API your charm relies on is going away, and a resource warning often points to a real cleanup bug. With the default settings, these only appear in the test output, where they're easy to miss. In `pyproject.toml`:

```toml
[tool.pytest.ini_options]
filterwarnings = [
    "error",
]
```

> This catches warnings raised in the test process: from your charm code, from Ops, and from your dependencies. Ops uses `DeprecationWarning` when an API is scheduled for removal, and `ResourceWarning` for cleanup bugs (for example, leaked Pebble connections), so failing on those gives you early notice. The same `filterwarnings` setting is used for unit and integration tests (and any others you might have), since pytest (or anything else driving the tests in-process, like Jubilant) can also surface warnings. Note that warnings raised by the charm code, Ops, or dependencies when the charm is run by Juju in integration tests will go to the Juju log, and not be test errors.

Author: ```suggestion
This catches warnings raised in the test process: from your charm code, from Ops, and from your dependencies. Ops uses `DeprecationWarning` when an API is scheduled for removal, and `ResourceWarning` for cleanup bugs (for example, leaked Pebble connections), so failing on those gives you early notice. The same `filterwarnings` setting is used for unit and integration tests (and any others you might have), since pytest (or anything else driving the tests in-process, like Jubilant) can also surface warnings. Note that, when Juju is executing the charm in an integration test, warnings raised (from your charm code, Ops, and your non-test dependencies) will go to the Juju log, and not be test errors.
```

tox -e unit
```

> ## Treat warnings as errors

Reviewer: I recommend moving this section up, so that the sequence is:

- Access the charm instance
- Treat warnings as errors
- Run your tests
- Examples

It would seem to logically come before "Run your tests". Also, this should make "Run your tests" stand out better in the TOC.

Configure pytest to treat warnings as errors, so that your tests fail when code raises a warning. Warnings tell you about problems before they bite in production: a deprecation warning means an API your charm relies on is going away, and a resource warning often points to a real cleanup bug. With the default settings, these only appear in the test output, where they're easy to miss. In `pyproject.toml`:

```toml
[tool.pytest.ini_options]
filterwarnings = [
    "error",

> ]

Reviewer: Will this affect integration tests too? Is it likely to have any undesirable effects there? Should we mention it in the integration testing how-to guide?

Author: Ah, fair point. It's whatever is in process. So any warnings from the charm or its dependencies or ops, no, they'll just go wherever the charm points them (Juju's log, probably). But if it's pytest or Jubilant or something else running the tests, then yes.

I'll put something in that explains the nuance.
